hello there! Its me Austin and today I want to write to you all about the state of this repo.
I initially wanted to create this repo because I like git and wanted an excuse to push to Github, still do of course.
I also stated I wasn't really a programmer and am pretty bad at it but chose to learn C because why not, I believe 
my reasoning was because I saw my system compile. But deep down I still would like to learn a language and for right now learning C 
may not be it im not sure. For starters the book I bought to learn C is not helping me I think. I mentioned this before but it is becoming more of a reference guide then actual teaching programming. And after reading other language docs as well as first hand
experience, its not the books fault, its just the nature of teaching programming languanges i guess, I honestly assumed excercises would be bundled in into my book so I can learn with practice but no I guess i am going to have to read the book and do excercises from somewhere else, dont even get me started on the fact that C has no official guide/book and cost money....( i bought a programming book cuz physical media superior i understand tho most of the docs are free online.) And about the project I had in mine, still want to do it of course but not sure I can do it in parallel to reading Effective C (the book I bought to learn C) because the concepts needed to build this project are pretty advanced. Honestly I knew something was missing when I was creating this project repo
shouldve considered having excercises along with my learning but now i feel dumb for not including this sooner. is there really no book/doc that puts documentation + excercises into one product???!?!? Whatever. Anyway 
this is what I want to do: im gonna keep reading the effective C book and learn C that way. It was odd I couldnt really test the concepts in the book but it makes sense now, hindsight is 20/20. I will probably continue to update this repo from the readme with how far i got into the book, as normal because honestly not much example code I can work off of anyway it seems like for the rest of the book. And what I will do differently instead this time is probably pick up a different language to learn, thinking rust because the documentation is more interactive, official, and they have official resources for excercises. Also have been looking at C a bit more and its getting a bit boring. HOWEVER I DO WANT TO MAKE MY POINT CLEAR! Still gonna read this 50$ book i paid for lol. After all, all programming languages are basically the same anyway, its the concepts that really matters, because you can transfer concepts to different lanaguages and use them. learning concept is better then learning code. Still want to master a language tho so will abandon C on that front. Also image converter still want to do, maybe just not in C
thank you for your understanding. 
